1. Switch out all the icons. Use custom, ones all designed to a specific theme. There shouldn't be a single lucide icon!
I need to test out how the interruption profocol is going...Instead of all this pause/mute /toggle idea, tha's wrong. Rather we should have some ai modes that will interrupt you and some that wont. A default then a toggle. 
3. I want to be able to write into an llm some context after research generation. LLM will take this context, along with the prior generated items and redo all the fields. I think u essentially do this with paste your research method field. Investigate. After a bit of invesitgation, i see that we do crearte a bunch of usful extracted shit. I should be able. To click and send it to study mode and auto plp into quick reference. 
4. MAJOR - The evidence for the argument frames is currently empty. This is important, and should be fleshed out with sources when possible. Perhaps it might need an expandable tab so that things can fit
5. argument frame should also show an example quote of the frame work in action. 
6. Research Data gits overwritten by user research when user ads shit via my research. It needs to just append 
9. Opponent intelligence should have a supporting evidence section as well. Both for their argument as well as my counters to them [Ch.7 - steelmanning section: opponentBestEvidence, opponentStrongestArguments]
10. I need to be able to edit opponent intelligence. I should ask, why this wasn't originally included. That might be important. 
11. Receipts should include examples of how to deploy in action. 
12. The length of the Opening and closing statements feel short. Perhaps make them adjustable, what does the book suggest. We also need an easy to read and skim booklet so that someone can at least understand the argument their supposed to be mating. Like we need a thing that you read, should be a 7 minute read or so and when you're done you have a mental model of wha tyou're about to get into. 
13. More interactive loading state. Showing exactly where each thing is. For things that can be run in parallel. do so. Begin showing the fields as they populate... Have an automatic filled in version with glash, while we wait on more. with a clear caveat. Three forms. of waiting, instant with flash, deepresearch and the firecrawl method. Will need to time those last two, and get an average of how long each takes. 

14. Major - The ability to set what skill you want to improve and either drill or get specific analysis or something. Something that allows conscious practice on dinvidual elements. (This might essentially be scenarios remodeled in terms of ui to be "drills".) No. Create a single drill from the book. Just one. then monitor use. 

16. Translate all pages to every languge, using i18next? Or alternative. Slow and steady. Create bug tracker so users can let me know when i have grammar or other language related bugs.and show a warning when user uses non english that i'll need their help. 

17. Some scenarios break when you add the extra context and other lower fields. Suggesting that they aren't even used. Investigate. 

18. A nice error page for all error prone scenarios. Do it indivudally. 

19. Better waiting state for analysis and research page. Use tiny llm to generate a couple phrases of what's happening to help make time move faster. This should be a component/hook that can be used across the app. Will need to time how long both of these takes. That will guide me into next steps. I may use a super cheap llm to do a fast output. or maybe some fields populated with promise of deeper insight coming soon.
20. Analys page should 1. Link to the approprite scenario blog posts for further reading. 2. Should recommend books or studies for frther reading. This probably means me mapping like a large list of items they can pick and win. . But this would be great seo fodder. 

Major - At the end of the day we need a thorough happy task test. Do the fields make difference? Look at the helper text for each field, and ask if that's happending. Similarly look at the promises in the blog posts, and ask if those things are happening. When they are, then the app is ready. 

21. Add pricing, rate limits, featues vailable based on plan. And token tracking system as described in marketing for the scenarios and drills. 

22. Calibrate how the win every argument score happens. Sometimes i get 11/10 for behind the scense. right now it is far to generous. Is it doubling the score? Maybe we gotter thing the rubericks over

23. could be due to leftovers but the oponent intelligence secion felt like the pro con argument was flipped


LONG TERM
1. Story Mode (homework for life, drills from book, auto sorting)
2. Legal Mode that follows the rules of Jamaican court
3. Podcast Mode (back and forth communication about a topic)
4. Interview Mode 
5. (NEXT) Multiplayer - Challange someone to a debate. Friend or Random. Debate coach listens in. Follows set structure. Link sent to friends or internet at large to vote on the winner. CATER TO THE EGOS OF STREAMERS ANd InFLuencers. 



